Documentation for Verifying Presentations (#636)
TBD54566975/ssi-service: doc/howto/presentation.md

# How To: Verify a Presentation

## Background

> By now you should be familiar with [DIDs](did.md) and [Verifiable Credentials](credential.md). A next logical question, once you've started using the technologies, is "how do I make use of it?" To use Verifiable Credentials anywhere you need to present them—that is to share them with another party. There are a few pieces of sharing: creating a package that you share and transmitting the data to another party. Transmission, simliar to credential issuance, can be accomplished with a number of different mechanisms like [Web5](https://github.com/TBD54566975/dwn-sdk-js#readme) and [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/sg/openid4vc/). Packaging a credential, or set of credentials, into a presentation is something that has been standardized at the W3C in the same specification that defines Verifiable Credentials, called [Verifiable Presentations](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#presentations-0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By now you should be familiar with [DIDs](did.md) and [Verifiable Credentials](credential.md). A next logical question, once you've started using the technologies, is "how do I make use of it?" To use Verifiable Credentials anywhere you need to present them — that is to share them with another party. There are a few pieces of sharing: creating a package that you share and transmitting the data to another party. Transmission, simliar to credential issuance, can be accomplished with a number of different mechanisms like [Web5](https://github.com/TBD54566975/dwn-sdk-js#readme) and [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/sg/openid4vc/). Packaging a credential, or set of credentials, into a presentation is something that has been standardized at the W3C in the same specification that defines Verifiable Credentials, called [Verifiable Presentations](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#presentations-0).
```

  "iss": "did:key:z6MkmN1296uapHmM6A28nGZGdAEniD1aa5RdFCn8JEunqV9k",
  "jti": "b44924ea-0202-4e9e-bb2a-989bd05d57ae",
  "nbf": 1691175624,
  "nonce": "5c6aad76-e2ef-4cb7-b1a8-2726b24a3f4e",
  "vp": {
    "@context": ["https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1"],
    "type": ["VerifiablePresentation"],
    "verifiableCredential": [
      "eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImtpZCI6ImRpZDprZXk6ejZNa21OMTI5NnVhcEhtTTZBMjhuR1pHZEFFbmlEMWFhNVJkRkNuOEpFdW5xVjlrI3o2TWttTjEyOTZ1YXBIbU02QTI4bkdaR2RBRW5pRDFhYTVSZEZDbjhKRXVucVY5ayIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.XBOn0SwdYeC07gG3UdOVKxuvaz_YTiFCfgkieraeFgVA-OkdX35IizOCauKjuilArsfIo2CX7ZXh9wv4aQvEDg"
    ]
  }
}
```

> We can also decode the JWT VC we are presenting as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also decode the JWT VC value within the `verifiableCredential` property (the one that ends with `v4aQvEDg`) as:
```
